You promised to keep my identity at J.S. Jewelry a secret?
Yes.
Thanks, Don.
Mr. Murphy, with all due respect,
why do you want to force your daughter,
the heiress to the Murphy family,
into marrying Nick Branson?
Quite frankly, he came from nothing.
You wouldn't have been able to establish his empire,
that alone had become a billionaire.
It's really him that owes you.
I'm aware of that, John.
Nick, he's a fine young man.
I just know that two of them will work out.
I understand.
Three months in the same office should do the trial.
And, speaking of, John,
what should you call Nick Branson tomorrow?
Let him know that my daughter will be working for him.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Miss Selena.
Your father instructed me to drive you to work.
Oh, thanks.
I'll drag myself.
Good morning, McBranson's office.
Oh, hey, John.
Sorry, I'm afraid Mr. Branson is a little busy at the moment.
Miss Murphy will be our intern.
Are you serious?
George Murphy's daughter will be our new intern.